data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bat1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bat2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bug1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bug2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bug3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bug4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\bug5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\chicken1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\chicken2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\chicken3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\chicken4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\cow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\cow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\cow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\cow4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\egg1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\egg2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\egg3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\egg4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\egg5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\larvae1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\larvae2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\larvae3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\larvae4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\larvae5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\rat6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\spider1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\spider2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\spider3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\spider4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\spider5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Creature\wren1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie05.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie06.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie08.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie11.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie12.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie_day_jungle_03.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie_night_14.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdie_night_17.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdienight1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdienight2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdienight4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\birdienight5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\breath9.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\cavedrip8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertbirdie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsect7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsectloop1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\desertinsectloop2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\drip8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\frog1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\frog2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\frog3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\frog4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\frog5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebeastie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebeastie2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebeastie3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebeastie4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie10.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie11.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie12.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie13.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie14.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie15.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie16.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\junglebirdie9.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\jungleevent1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\jungleevent2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\jungleevent3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\jungleevent4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\lava1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\lava2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\lava3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\lava4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\lava5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\loon1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\loon3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\loon4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\moan8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\raven1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\raven2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\raven3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\raven4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\raven5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\scream7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\singlecricket.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thump6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thunder_norm_1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thunder_norm_2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\thunder_norm_5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\town2birdie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\town2birdie2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\town2birdie3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\town2birdie4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\town2birdie5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Event\wind9.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\flesh1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\flesh2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\flesh3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\flesh4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous5.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous6.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous7.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\Ginormous8.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirtRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirtRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirtRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyDirtRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyIStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyOStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySand1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySand2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySand3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySand4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySandRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySandRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySandRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavySandRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWood1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWood2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWood3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWood4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWoodRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWoodRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWoodRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\HeavyWoodRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\hoof1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\hoof2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\hoof3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\hoof4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirtRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirtRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirtRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightDirtRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightIStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightOStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSand1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSand2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSand3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSand4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSandRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSandRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSandRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightSandRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWood1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWood2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWood3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWood4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWoodRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWoodRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWoodRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\LightWoodRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirtRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirtRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirtRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedDirtRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedIStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStone4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStoneRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStoneRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStoneRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedOStoneRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSand1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSand2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSand3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSand4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSandRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSandRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSandRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedSandRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWood1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWood2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWood3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWood4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWoodRun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWoodRun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWoodRun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\MedWoodRun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\mud1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\mud2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\mud3.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Footstep\mud4.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\catacombs.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\cathedral.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\cave.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\creepywind.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\crypt.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\desertday.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\desertnight.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\harem.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\hell1.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\jungleday.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\junglenight.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\lava.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\rain2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\sewer.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\tomb.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\town3day.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\town3night.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\wilderness day 2.wav
data\global\sfx\Ambient\Scene\wilderness night.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionlarge2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionlarge4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionlarge5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionmed1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionmed2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionmed3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionsmall2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionsmall3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Explosion\explosionsmall4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\arrow8.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\bash.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blade6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block arrow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block arrow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block arrow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blade1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blade4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blade5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blunt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blunt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\block blunt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow heavy1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow heavy2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow heavy3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blow heavy4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blue1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blue2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blue3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt heavy1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt heavy2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt heavy3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt heavy4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\blunt heavy5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\claw1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\claw2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\claw3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\claw4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\cold1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\cold2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\cold3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\cold4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\coldimpact1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\coldimpact2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\coldimpact3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\critical shot.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\double1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\double2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\double3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\goohit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\goohit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\goohit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\goohit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\goohit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\green1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\green2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\green3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\green4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\leech.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\poisoned.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\shatter1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\shatter2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\shatter3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\singe1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\singe2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\singe3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sizzle1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sizzle2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sizzle3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stab1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stab2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stab3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stab4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stab5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\static1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\static2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\static3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\static4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stone1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stone2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stone3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\stun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\sword6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\zap1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\zap2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\zap3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Impact\zap4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\hard1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\hard2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\hard5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\hard6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Amazon\soft4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\hard2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\hard3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\soft1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\soft4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Barbarian\soft5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\hard1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\hard6.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\soft1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\soft3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Necromancer\soft5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\hard1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\hard2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\soft1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\soft2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Paladin\soft3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\hard3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\soft1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\soft3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\soft4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Player\Sorceress\soft5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bigswish1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bigswish2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bigswish3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bigswish4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bigswish5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bow4.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\bow5.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\kick small01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\kick small02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\kick small04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\kick small05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large13.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large14.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large15.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large16.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large17.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing large18.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand swing small06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\one hand thrust06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\pull1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\pull2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\pull3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\staff blunt06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing large06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small07.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand swing small08.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust01.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust02.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust03.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust04.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust05.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust06.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust07.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust08.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust09.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust10.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust11.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust12.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust13.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\two hand thrust14.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\xbow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\xbow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\xbow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Combat\Weapon\xbow4.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\button.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\convert.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\convertREADY.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\hostile.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\identify.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\identifyREADY.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\itembroken.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\levelup.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\pass.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\pickup.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\pointdrop.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\repair.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\select.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\windowopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\amazon deselect.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\amazon select.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\barbarian deselect.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\barbarian select.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\necromancer deselect.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\necromancer select.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\paladin deselect.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\paladin select.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\sorceress deselect.wav
data\global\sfx\Cursor\Intro\sorceress select.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\amulet.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\belt.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\book.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\boots.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\bootschain.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\bootsmetal.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\bow.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\cap.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\chainarmor.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\evilhole.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\FLIPPY.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\gem.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\gloves.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\gloveschain.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\glovesmetal.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\gold.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\helm.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\herb.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\javelins.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\key.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\keyused.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\largemetalweapon.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\lightarmor.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\metalshield.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\monsterbone.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\monsterguts.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\platearmor.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\potion.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\Quiver.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\rare.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\Ring.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\scroll.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\skull.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\smallmetalweapon.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\staff.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\sword.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\wand.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\Whip.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\woodshield.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\xbow.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\potiondrink.wav
data\global\sfx\Item\potionui.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\castlarge.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\castsmall.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\FireEnd.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\FireLoop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\QuakeLoop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit8.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Andariel\stonehit9.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BaboonDemon\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BarPatrons\BarPatrondrink.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BarPatrons\BarPatrongesture.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BarPatrons\BarPatronpoint.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BarPatrons\BarPatronturn.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\shock1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\shock2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\shock3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\shock4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\unhide1.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\unhide2.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\unhide3.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\BatDemon\unhide4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Beetle\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\launch.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Bighead\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\DeathEffectEnd.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\DeathEffectLoop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\DeathEffectStart.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BloodRaven\raiseundead.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\gethit7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\raiseskeleton.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\BoneFetish\walk6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Charsi\charsiwork.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\CompellingOrb\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\CompellingOrb\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\die1.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\die2.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\die3.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\die4.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\die5.WAV
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Corrupt\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Countess\mistloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DarkWanderer\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\castbone.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\castcold.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\castfire.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\castlazer.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\laugh1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\laugh2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\laugh3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\lazer.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\yell.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\deathhit.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Diablo\deathschwing.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\DiabloBonePrison\rise.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Duriel\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\death7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\flee1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\flee2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\flee3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\flee4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\flee5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\gethit7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\roar1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\roar3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\roar5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\roar6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\roar7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\warcry1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\warcry2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\warcry3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Fallen\warcry4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\fireball.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\resurrect.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\resurrectcast.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\roar1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\roar2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\roar3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FallenShaman\roar6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\cast1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\cast2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\cast3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\cast4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\fingerbolt.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\zap1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\zap2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\zap3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\zap4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FingerMage\zap5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\FrogDemon\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GargoyleTrap\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GargoyleTrap\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GargoyleTrap\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GoatMan\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\bloodgolemdeath.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\bloodwalk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\bloodwalk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\bloodwalk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\bloodwalk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemBlood\spawnblood.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\claygolemdeath.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\claywalk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\claywalk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\claywalk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\claywalk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemClay\spawnclay.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\firegolemdeath.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\firewalk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\firewalk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\firewalk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\firewalk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemFire\spawnfire.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\irongolemdeath.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\ironwalk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\ironwalk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\ironwalk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\ironwalk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GolemIron\spawniron.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gas1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gas2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gas3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gas4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\spell1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\spell2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\spell3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\spell4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\spell5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\unholybolt.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\unholybolt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\unholybolt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\unholybolt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\GreaterMummy\unholycast.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Guard\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\flap1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\flap2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\flap3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\flap4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hawk\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\loop1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\spawn1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\spawn2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\HawkNest\spawn3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\appear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\appear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\appear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\appear4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\die1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\die2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\die3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Hydra\die4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\IronWolf\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\fadein.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\fadeout.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Izual\izualeffectloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\attacklong6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Leaper\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\LightningOrb\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\MegaDemon\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\cast1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\cast2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\cast3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mephisto\orb.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Moo\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack long1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack long2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack long3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack long4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\attack long5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mosquito\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\mummygeneratordeath.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Mummy\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\NPC\drognanreadscroll.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\NPC\faratosshammer.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\NPC\halbupray.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\NPC\jamellaread.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\NPC\jamellaspell.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PantherWoman\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pinhead\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack8.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\attack9.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\blowgun1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\blowgun2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\blowgun3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\blowgun4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\death7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\gethit8.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\laugh1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\laugh2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\laugh3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\laugh4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Pygmy\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\PygmyShaman\spell6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\eat1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\eat2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\eat3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Regurgitator\spit.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Rogue\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\burrow.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\emerge.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\spit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\spit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggot\spit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\burrow.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\emerge.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotBaby\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\hatch1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\hatch2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\hatch3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotEgg\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\goohit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\goohit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\goohit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\goohit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\goohit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandMaggotMama\splat.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SandRaider\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\appear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\appear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\appear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\appear4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Scimitar\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\attacktail6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SerpentDemon\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\castelectric.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\castice.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\castpoison.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\firemage.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\gethit7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\raiseskeleton.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Skeleton\walk6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Smith\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\death6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo01.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo02.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo03.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo04.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo05.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\goo06.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\swishie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\swishie2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\swishie3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\swishie4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Spider\swishie5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\shoot1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\shoot2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\shoot3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\SpikeFiend\shoot4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Summoner\death.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Summoner\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Summoner\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Summoner\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Summoner\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Swarm\swarmloop1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\appear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\appear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\appear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\appear4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\appear5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Tentacle\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\appear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\appear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\appear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\appear4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\goomissile1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\goomissile2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\goomissile3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\goomissile4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TentacleHead\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\longattack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\longattack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\longattack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\longattack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\shortattack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\shortattack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\shortattack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ThornHulk\shortattack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\down1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\down2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\down3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\down4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\down5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\up1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\up2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\up3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\TrappedSoul\up4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Turret\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Turret\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Turret\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\UndeadHorror\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\cast.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Vampire\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\walk1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\walk2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\walk3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\walk4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileChild\walk5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\birth1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\birth2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\birth3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\birth4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VileMother\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\bigflap6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\death5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\VultureDemon\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\appear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\appear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\appear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\appear4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\appear5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\cast1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\cast2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\cast3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\cast4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\loop.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\loop2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\WillOWisp\loop3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Wraith\neutral5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Yeti\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumHighPriest\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\cast1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\cast2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\cast3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\cast4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\cast5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumPriest\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\ZakarumZealot\neutral4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\attack6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\death1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\death2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\death3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\death4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\gethit6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral2.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral3.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral6.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral7.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\neutral8.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\raise1.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\raise4.wav
data\global\sfx\Monster\Zombie\raise5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\arcaneportal.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\arcanerune.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\armorstand.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\barrelexplode.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\basket1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\basket2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\basket3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\basket4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\basket5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bed.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bleedinghole.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bubbles5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cainsgibbetdrop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cainsgibbetimpact.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnloop1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnloop2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnloop3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnloop4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnloop5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cairnsuccess.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\casket.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\chestbig.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\chestsmall.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\chestspecial1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cocoon1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cocoon2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\cocoon3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\corpsefall.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\corpseroll.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\diabloseal.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\doormetalclose.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\doormetalopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\doorwoodclose.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\doorwoodkeyopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\doorwoodopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\dungeonbasket.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\dungeonguy.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\dungeonguyloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\evaporate.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\evilhole.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fire2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fire4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fire5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fire6.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\firepoof2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fissure1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fissure2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fissure3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fissure4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\flyloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fountain.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\fountainloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\gateclose.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\gateopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\gidbinndecoy.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\glassbreak1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\glassbreak2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\glassbreak3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\goopile1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\goopile2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\goopile3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellbrazierloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellbrazierloop2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellchest1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellchest2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellchest3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellforgeplace.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellforgesmash.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellgateopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellshrine1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellshrine2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellshrine3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellstash1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellstash2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellstash3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellstash4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellsteam.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\holyshrine.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jailshrine.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jarbreak2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jarbreak3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jarbreak6.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jarbreak7.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\jarbreak9.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglebeastie1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglebeastie2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglebeastie3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglebeastie4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglestash1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglestash2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglestash3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\junglestash4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\magicshrine1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\magicshrine2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\magicshrine3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\malus.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\mephistobridge.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\mephistostash1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\mephistostash2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\poisonloopmedium2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\portalopen.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\ratnest1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\ratnest2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\ratnest3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\riverloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\rockpile.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\secretdoor.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\sewerlever.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\sewerwater.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skeletonspawn.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skullpile1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skullpile2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skullpile3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skullpile4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\skullpile5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\slimedoor.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\snakewoman.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\snakewomanloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\stairs.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\taintedsunaltar.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\teleportationpad.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\tombdoor.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\torch.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\towertome.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\trappedsoul.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\traprelease.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\traptick.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul4.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\wailingsoul6.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\waypointignite2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\weaponrack.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\woodbreak1.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\woodbreak2.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\woodbreak3.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\woodbreak5.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\woodbreak6.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\boulderlarge.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\bouldersmall.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\hellgateloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\armorboost.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\combatboost.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\exchange.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\experience.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\exploding.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\gemupgrade.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\poison.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\portal.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\recharge.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\refill.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\resistcold.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\resistfire.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\resistlightning.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\resistpoison.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\shrineofenirhs.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\skill.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\storm.wav
data\global\sfx\Object\Shrine\warping.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\ball1.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\ball2.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\ball3.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\flash1.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\flash2.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\flash3.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\pieceflash1.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\pieceflash2.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\soulrise1.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\soulrise2.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\soulrise3.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\spotlight.wav
data\global\sfx\Quest\staffloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\coldarrow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\coldarrow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\coldarrow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\dodge1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\dodge2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\dodge3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\dodge4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\dodge5.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\eyeofzeus.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\firearrow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\firearrow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\firearrow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\fistofares.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\handofathena.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\hurl.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\impale1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\impale2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\impale3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\impale4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\jab1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\jab2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\jab3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\jab4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\magicarrow1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\magicarrow2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\magicarrow3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\multi1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\multi2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\multi3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\multi4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\multi5.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\poisoncast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyrieappear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyrieattack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyrieattack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyrieattack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyrieattack4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriedeath1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriehit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriehit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriehit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\valkyriehit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\zeus1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\zeus2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Amazon\zeus3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\battlecry1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\battlecry2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\battlecry3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\circle1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\circle2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\circle3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\circle4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\circle warcry.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\command1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\command2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\command3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\find1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\find2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\find3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\findheart1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\findheart2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\findheart3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grimward3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grimward4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grimward5.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt101.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt102.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt103.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt201.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt202.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\grunt203.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\howl1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\howl2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\howl3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leap1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leap2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leap3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leapattack1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leapattack2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leapattack3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\order1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\order2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\order3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\shout1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\shout2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\shout3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\taunt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\taunt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\taunt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\warcry1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\warcry2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\warcry3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\whirlwind1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Barbarian\leapland.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Misc\portalcast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Misc\portalenter.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\amplifydamage.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\attract.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonearmor2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespear1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespear2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespear3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespirit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespirit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonespirit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\bonewalldestroyed.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\confuse.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 5.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpse explode 6.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\corpseexplodecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\cursecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\cursetarget1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\cursetarget2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\cursetarget3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\decrepify.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\dimvision.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\golemcast3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\ironmaiden.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\lowerresist.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\poisoncast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\poisoninfernolaunch.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\poisoninfernoloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\poisonnova.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\reversevampire.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\revivecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\revivetarget.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\skeletonraise1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\skeletonraise2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\skeletonraise3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\taint.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\teethlaunch1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\teethlaunch2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\teethlaunch3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\unsummoncast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Necromancer\weaken.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\blessedaim.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\bolthammercast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\charge.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\cleansing.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\concentration.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\conversion.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\defiance.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\fanaticism.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\hammerlaunch1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\hammerlaunch2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\hammerlaunch3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\handofgod.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\handofgodbolt.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holybolt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holybolt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holybolt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holyfire.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holylight.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holyshield.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\holywind.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\meditation.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\might.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\prayer.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\purification.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\redemption.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\resistcold.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\resistfire.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\resistlightning.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\sacrifice.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\salvation.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\sanctuary.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\smite.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\stamina.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\thornhit.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\thorns.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\vengeance.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\vengeanceimpact1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\vengeanceimpact2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\vengeanceimpact3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Paladin\zeal.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blastimpact1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blastimpact2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blastimpact3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blizzboom1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blizzboom2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blizzboom3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\blizzloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\boom1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\boom2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\boom3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\chargedbolt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\chargedbolt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\chargedbolt4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\chillblood.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\coldcast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\eleccast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\enchant.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshield.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshieldhit1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshieldhit2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshieldhit3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshieldhit4.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\energyshieldhit5.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\fireball1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\fireball2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\fireball3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firebolt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firebolt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firebolt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firecast.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firelaunch1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\firelaunch2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\frozenarmor.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icebolt1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icebolt2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icebolt3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icespike1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icespike2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\icespike3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\infernoloop.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\largefireimpact1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\largefireimpact2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\largefireimpact3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\lightning1.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\lightning2.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\lightning3.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\meteorimpact.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\meteorlaunch.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\novaelec.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\novaice.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\shivers.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\telekinesis.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\teleport.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\thunderbolt.wav
data\global\sfx\Skill\Sorceress\thundercast.wav
